Rails Task Manager: using Rails scaffolding feature
=============================================================

In this assignment you'll be introduced to "Rails" a Ruby framework specialized in web applications.

Learning Goals
--------------
After completing this assignment, you will be able to:

* Create and deploy Rails SaaS apps in your development environment, and deploy them to the public cloud
* Learn about the Rails Scaffolding feature.
* Understand how opinionated frameworks, such as Rails, organize files using the Model-View-Controller architectural pattern.
* Understand ActiveRecord and how it helps maintain a Database.
* Create dynamic links using Rails.

Starting the app
-----------------
1. Clone this repo on Codio or your machine (you need to have Rails installed).
2. Run ```rails new <appName>``` inside this repo. Note: ```<appName>``` is the name you want to give to your app, for this assignment the name should be a single dot . (i.e. rails new .) it'll create the app in the current folder. (Note: this will ask you if you would like to replace the .gitignore file, enter Y to accept)
3. Go into the generated folder and run ```bundle install --without production```
4. Run ```sudo yarn config set ignore-engines true```
5. Run ```sudo yarn install --check-files```
6. Run ```sudo yarn upgrade @rails/webpacker --latest```
7. If an error occurs saying "Webpacker configuration file not found ..." run ```rails webpacker:install```
8. Run ```rails generate scaffold <ResourceName> <attribute1>:<attributeDataType> <attribute2>:<attributeDataType> ... <attributeN>:<attributeDataType>``` NOTE: Change ```<ResouceName>``` for the name of the resource you want to generate, ```<attribute#>``` for the name of the attribute, and ```<attributeDataType>``` for the data type you want that attribute to be, i.e. string, text, integer, boolean, etc.
9. Check slides "Rails Projects" in week 5 to know how to run the app on Codio.

With this you are 80% done, the rest will be done within the files generated by the scaffold.

Requirements
------------
The goal of this assignment is to create a simple TODO list using Rails; the final app should have all the following requirements:

1. Use Rails scaffolding to create a resource "Task" and attributes such as "Description" (string) of the task and whether the task has "Completed" (boolean) or not.
2. Create 3 links on top of the index page named "All Tasks", "Complete Tasks", and "Incomplete Tasks"
  * "All Tasks" should show all tasks stored in the database.
  * "Complete Tasks" should show only tasks that have the "Completed" attribute set to true
  * "Incomplete Tasks" should show only tasks that have the "Completed" attribute set to false

You'll deploy your app to the cloud using Render, instructions on how to deploy to render were given separately in the submission page of Blackboard.
